#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   opengeodeweb-back
    #   referencing
blinker==1.8.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
flask[async]==3.0.3
    # via
    #   flask-cors
    #   opengeodeweb-back
flask-cors==4.0.1
    # via opengeodeweb-back
geode-background==7.12.0
    # via
    #   geode-explicit
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-simplex
    #   opengeodeweb-back
geode-common==31.2.1
    # via
    #   geode-background
    #   geode-explicit
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-numerics
    #   geode-simplex
    #   geode-viewables
    #   opengeodeweb-back
geode-conversion==5.4.1
    # via
    #   geode-explicit
    #   geode-implicit
    #   opengeodeweb-back
geode-explicit==4.8.3
    # via
    #   geode-implicit
    #   opengeodeweb-back
geode-implicit==2.8.7
    # via opengeodeweb-back
geode-numerics==4.4.0
    # via
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-simplex
    #   opengeodeweb-back
geode-simplex==6.8.3
    # via opengeodeweb-back
geode-viewables==2.2.3
    # via opengeodeweb-back
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via opengeodeweb-back
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   opengeodeweb-back
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   opengeodeweb-back
    #   werkzeug
opengeode-core==14.21.3
    # via
    #   geode-background
    #   geode-common
    #   geode-conversion
    #   geode-explicit
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-numerics
    #   geode-simplex
    #   geode-viewables
    #   opengeode-geosciences
    #   opengeode-geosciencesio
    #   opengeode-inspector
    #   opengeode-io
    #   opengeodeweb-back
opengeode-geosciences==7.7.0
    # via
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-viewables
    #   opengeode-geosciencesio
    #   opengeodeweb-back
opengeode-geosciencesio==4.7.7
    # via
    #   geode-implicit
    #   opengeodeweb-back
opengeode-inspector==5.1.4
    # via
    #   geode-explicit
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-simplex
    #   opengeodeweb-back
opengeode-io==6.5.1
    # via
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-viewables
    #   opengeode-geosciencesio
    #   opengeodeweb-back
opengeodeweb-back==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   opengeodeweb-back
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   opengeodeweb-back
    #   referencing
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via asgiref
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
